Add user management methods to py-client integration page (#563)
MerginMaps/docs: src/dev/integration.md

Reviewer: We should add a comment here for our CE users what they need to do to use this API

```python
import mergin

client = mergin.MerginClient(login='john', password='T0p_secret')
client.download_project('lutraconsulting/Basic survey', '/tmp/basic-survey')
```
If you have <QGISPluginName /> installed and you want to use it from the QGIS' Python console

```python
import Mergin.mergin as mergin
client = mergin.MerginClient(login='john', password='T0p_secret')
```

#### User and roles management
You can create new users and manage their permissions using the following methods:

##### Create a user
```python
client.create_user(<email>, <password>, <workspace_id>, <workspace_role>, [username], [notify_user])
```
Arguments:

> `email` (str): Must be a unique email

Reviewer 2: Could we try some other description instead of "unique email"? Maybe something like: "an email that is not yet used on the server" or "email not yet associated with an account"

Also, I would considering writing the data types in full (i.e. string, integer, etc.) to be consistent with [this](https://merginmaps.com/docs/server/administer/environment/) for instance.

Author: 1, sure - `unique email` is confusing, indeed
2, shall we put the arguments in the table like in the link?

`password` (str): Must meet security requirements.
`workspace_id` (int): The workspace ID where the user will be added.
`workspace_role`(str): The user’s role in the workspace. [See the roles options](../manage/permissions.md)
`username` (str, optional): Custom username; autogenerated if not provided.

> `notify_user` (bool, optional): Flag for email notifications (invitations, access requests etc.). Default is `False`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`notify_user` (bool, optional): Sends a confirmation email to the `email` address and enables email communication for the new account (invitation emails, access request emails and more). Default is `False`.
```

client = mergin.MerginClient(login='john', password='topsecret')
```

#### User and roles management
You can create new users and manage their permissions using the following methods:

##### Create a user
```python
client.create_user(<email>, <password>, <workspace_id>, <workspace_role>, [username], [notify_user])
```
Arguments:
`email` (str): Must be a unique email

> `passowrd` (str): Must meet security requirements.

Author: I'd ideally prefer having a `password requirements` section on the `sign up` page and referencing it here

> `passowrd` (str): Must meet security requirements.

Author: However, we should meet the password requirements in our examples, I believe. Ideally 'cloud' requirements as user's use py-client for cloud version.

`workspace_id` (int): The workspace ID where the user will be added.
`workspace_role`(str): The user’s role in the workspace. [See the roles options](../manage/permissions.md)
`username` (str, optional): Custom username; autogenerated if not provided.
`notify_user` (bool, optional): Flag for email notifications (invitations, access requests etc.). Default is `False`

Example:
```python
client.create_user("jill@example.com", "topsecret", 1, "editor", notify_user=True)
```

##### Get a workspace member detail
```python
client.get_workspace_member(<workspace_id>, <user_id>)
```
Arguments:

> `workspace_id` (int): The workspace where the user will be added.

Reviewer 3: why do we talk about adding user in "get_member"?

```
Arguments:
`email` (str): Must be a unique email

> `passoword` (str): Must meet security requirements.

Reviewer 3: still typo :-)
